Combine insights modules into one reference module (#3933)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_project-server-as-red-hat-insights-client.adoc

To maintain your {ProjectServer}, and improve your ability to monitor and diagnose problems you might have with {Project}, install Red{nbsp}Hat Insights on {ProjectServer} and register {ProjectServer} with Red{nbsp}Hat Insights.

.Scheduling insights-client

Note that you can change the default schedule for running `insights-client` by configuring `insights-client.timer` on {Project}.
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_insights/1-latest/html/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/assembly-client-changing-schedule[Changing the insights-client schedule] in the _Client Configuration Guide for Red Hat Insights_.

> .Procedure

Author: I have added two headings:
- Registering {ProjectServer} with Red{nbsp}Hat Insights
- Unregistering from Red{nbsp}Hat Insights

Not very sure about this, but I was wondering if this could solve our problem with incorporating the step to unregister.

# {foreman-installer} --register-with-insights
----
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_insights/1-latest/html/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/index#proc-registering-system-insights_insights-cg-configuring-client[Registering your system with Red Hat Insights] in the _Client Configuration Guide for Red Hat Insights_. 
+
. To unregister {ProjectServer} from Red{nbsp}Hat Insights, enter the following command:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# insights-client --unregister
----
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_insights/1-latest/html/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/index#proc-unregistering-system-insights_insights-cg-configuring-client[Unregistering your system with Red Hat Insights] in the _Client Configuration Guide for Red Hat Insights_.

> Note that you can change the default schedule for running `insights-client` by configuring `insights-client.timer` on {Project}.
> For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_insights/1-latest/html/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/assembly-client-changing-schedule[Changing the insights-client schedule] in the _Client Configuration Guide for Red Hat Insights_.

Reviewer: Having a free floating paragraph like this would cause us issues in the future. See also https://github.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/blob/e418ef7673afca75cd28a66d77f76b11cfdfa4d4/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_doing-one-procedure.adoc?plain=1#L41: "Any items under the .Procedure heading and before one of the following approved headings that are not connected to the last step with a plus sign cannot be converted to DITA."

How about turning this into an optional step?

```suggestion
. Optional: You can change the default schedule for running `insights-client` by configuring `insights-client.timer` on {Project}.
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_insights/1-latest/html/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/assembly-client-changing-schedule[Changing the insights-client schedule] in the _Client Configuration Guide for Red Hat Insights_.
```
